Here are some more methods and attributes to implement:


attribute: record_pressed (bool) - when recording starts and notes are pressed those notes are treated as note ons.

attribute: autoplay (bool) - decided wether to immediatly start playback when recording is finished.

autostop_play (bool) (default: off): when record is turned on this decides whether to stop playback.

method: record (bool)
when record is turned off and autoplay and autoquantize is on: 

1. immediatly start playback of recorded notes
2. edit internal data so that notes that are still pressed when record is turned off get a note off.
3. in the background, run the quantization function, but this shouldn't delay playback, play back unquantized notes until your are done, but no double triggers so for example if a note A is quantized and pushed back in time but the unquantized note A was already triggered because quantize wasn't finished yet, skip quantized note A for this loop iteration



method: permutate (number of permutations)

changes the order of notes, permutate without argument or with 0 changes the position of all notes randomly permutate n exchanges the position of n notes. the position on which note glides happen stays untouched. permutate should also be possible during playback, so when note A is currently playing as changes it's position with note B note A's note off should stay in the same point in time. aux is untouched.


method: overdub (on/off) (overdub_mode) (overdub_times)

for overdub we ignore pressed notes and their note offs.

[overdub 1] - enables overdubbing after the loop wraps. if a note on happens, record all notes until the loop wraps then disable overdubbing. if no note on happens keep overdubbing on.

[overdub 1 "next"] - does exactly the same-

[overdub 0] - immediatly disables overdubbing.

[overdub 1 "now"] - immediatly enable overdubbing, same note on logic applies here. if a note on happens, record until loop wrap.

[overdub 1 "next" 3] - when receiving a note-on keep overdubbing enabled for this loop iteration and the 2 next loop iterations. 

[overdub 1 "next" inf] - on next loop wrap, keep overdub on until you receive a [overdub 0].



attribute: quantize (float note_length)

when attribute is initialized, does nothing.
when it is set during runtime it runs the quantization function.

attribute: quantize_mode (enum next, wrap) default: next.
decides when the quantization will be applied.

	next: after the quantization is finished, immediatly apply it (but don't mess with notes that are still in sustain, their note offs should stay untouched)

	wrap: quantize when the loop wraps. finding the quantizations should still happen immediatly when quantize function is called, 
	but playback of the quantized content should only happen 	
	when the loop wraps. if the loop wraps before quantization is done, play back unquantized content until quantize is done


attribute: autotempo (bool) (default: on)
enables tempo searching when starting quantize, otherwise quantize will respond to bpm

attribute bpm (float):
sets bpm to use if autotempo is off.


attribute: autoquantize bool - on recording stop or on loop wrap with overdubbing enabled (and overdubbed notes were recorded) quantize notes according to current setting

